OTLP push controller example (#113)
autometrics-dev/autometrics-rs: examples/README.md

- [axum](./axum) - Use autometrics to instrument HTTP handlers
- [custom-metrics](./custom-metrics/) - Define your own custom metrics alongside the ones generated by autometrics (using any of the metrics collection crates)
- [exemplars-tracing](./exemplars-tracing/) - Use fields from `tracing::Span`s as Prometheus exemplars

> - [opentelemetry-push](./opentelemetry-push/) - Push autometrics via OTLP gRPC protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [opentelemetry-push](./opentelemetry-push/) - Push metrics to an OpenTelemetry Collector via the OTLP gRPC protocol
```

> - [otlp-push-controller](./otlp-push-controller/) - Push autometrics via OTLP gRPC protocol.

Reviewer: I think I'd call this `opentelemetry-push` or `opentelemetry-collector`
